# SOCIAL GOLFER PROBLEM

## Description

This is a solution to the social golfer problem. The problem is as follows:

> A group of golfers want to play in groups of 4, but no golfer should play in the same group as any other golfer more than once.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

Instructions on how to install your project.

```
git clone https://github.com/kieuvantuyen01/SI_social_golfer_SAT
cd SI_social_golfer_SAT
pip install prettytable
pip install python-sat

```

## Usage

Use the input data in the file `input.txt` to run the program.

```
python main.py
```

The output will be printed to the console and saved to the file `output.txt`.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. Feel free to open a pull request or branch from this project.

## License

The license of the project belongs to Embbeded System Lab, VNU University of Engineering and Technology.

## Contact

Contact information of the project owner.

```
email: tuyenkieuvan@gmail.com or tuyenkv@vnu.edu.vn
```

## References

- [Python-SAT](https://pypi.org/project/python-sat/)
- [PrettyTable](https://pypi.org/project/PrettyTable/)


## Acknowledgements

- Function: get_variable(golfer, position, group, week)

    This function takes four parameters: golfer, position, group, and week. It returns a unique identifier for each combination of golfer, position, group, and week.

    The parameters are first decremented by 1 to adjust for the fact that these values are 1-indexed (i.e., they start from 1) while Python's indexing starts from 0. Then, a unique identifier is calculated using a formula that ensures each combination of golfer, position, group, and week gets a unique variable. This is done by adding the golfer number, the product of the position number and the total number of players (num_players), the product of the group number, the total number of players, and the number of players per group (players_per_group), and the product of the week number, the total number of players, the number of players per group, and the total number of groups (num_groups). The result is then incremented by 1 to make it 1-indexed again.

- Function: get_variable2(golfer, group, week)

    This function takes three parameters: golfer, group, and week. It returns a unique identifier for each combination of golfer, group, and week, regardless of the position of the golfer in the group.

    The parameters are first decremented by 1 to adjust for the fact that these values are 1-indexed (i.e., they start from 1) while Python's indexing starts from 0. Then, a unique identifier is calculated using a formula that ensures each combination of golfer, group, and week gets a unique variable. This is done by adding the golfer number, the product of the group number and the total number of players (num_players), and the product of the week number, the total number of players, and the total number of groups (num_groups). The result is then incremented by 1 to make it 1-indexed again, and further incremented by the product of the total number of players, the number of players per group, the total number of groups, and the total number of weeks to ensure that the identifiers generated by this function do not overlap with those generated by the get_variable function.

    -> These functions are essential for the encoding of the SAT problem, as they allow each possible assignment of a golfer to a position, group, and week to be represented by a unique variable.